there is a philosopher of science
Flusser of scientific method called karl
popper karl popper introduced the idea
that one aspect of scientific validity
is actually courage is actually taking a
risk in putting forward a thesis so one
of the examples he gave of this was of
making the risky prediction that when
the moon passed in front of the Sun we
would be able to very briefly measure
the distortion of the path of the sun's
rays going past the moon this is a part
of the biography of Einstein if we're
not making and testing theories that
have an element of risk then we're not
doing real and legitimate science was an
original idea and he came to some
interesting conclusions about that there
is a channel here on YouTube that
accuses people of white supremacism but
it does so with no sincerity and no risk
now a privileged vegan you know you have
been part and parcel of accusations
against bite size vegan and unnatural
vegan of racism eugenics white
supremacism and those channels have
nothing to do with that both of those
channels bite size vegan unnatural vegan
if you search for the key terms on bite
size vegans search for the word white on
a natural vegan you can search for
racist in eugenicist they actually
responded to those accusations now a
privileged vegan should have responded
to she should have distanced herself
from that because she co-signed and
endorsed and promoted the channel based
in Toronto I'm not going to name the
channel that made those accusations
directly and what a privileged vegan was
filming was the same witch hunting
nonsense ok now meanwhile what does a
privileged vegan do when a an actual
member of the vegan community of the
digital vegan
the ISM this YouTube VN thing what is
someone who is actually a vegan is also
actually a white supremacist what
happens that nothing she doesn't take
the risk she doesn't say a damn thing
I'm talking about a channel called
simply vegan so sorry they like four
different channels mentioned this video
that allows vegan in the name but what
do you expect
not everyone can come with a great name
for their channel like I can I mean so
this guy's simply vegan he is no
spun-off a separate channel I assume
using his legal name G me Louise the RT
GE Lhuillier D but anyway if you search
for simply vegan you'll find his old
channel it's still there it hasn't been
deleted yet I'm not slandering him to
call him a white supremacist because he
has videos that approve of Adolf Hitler
anyone who makes videos that are Pro
Adolf Hitler can be fairly and
objectively referred to as a neo-nazi
and a white supremacist okay so this guy
was a major I would say famous voice for
veganism and over time his politics
shifted further and further to the right
further and further into hysterical
nationalism and then into so-called
National Socialism openly pro-hitler
statements and what does so a privileged
vegan if your channel is the defender of
the weak in the downtrodden if your
channel is supposedly a voice against
racism against every kind of racism
except anti-semitism I might add why is
it that you haven't said a word you
haven't taken a risk you haven't made a
peep against so-called simply vegan
Jamie Lee Rd when he became a vocal
advocate for real white supremacism
within veganism now I'm gonna make a
devil's advocate statement here because
I think it sort of deepens the discourse
just a little bit these guys like the
guy I mentioned in my
recent video called the golden one and
this guy simply vegan these guys who are
Pro Adolf Hitler their excuse for why
they are not racist because they don't
consider themselves racist they have a
justification for their views naturally
is that they try to explain their values
in terms of defensive nationalism okay
now all this really means is it's like
the old excuse for separate-but-equal
but there's a lot of emphasis on the
separate right so they get to say well
they're defensive nationalists within
europe but they believe that african
nations have their own nationalism
within africa and somehow despite the
historical reality of genocide like
Native Americans American Indians
supposedly can have their own defensive
nationalism also good luck with that
none of these guys have spent five
minutes looking at the real-world
situation for the Cree or the agility
indigenous people oppressed or not not
all indigenous people in a state of
terrible oppression but many are many
her in a situation of being unable to
recover from a history of genocide
slavery displacement colonialism cetera
I need not explain
but defensive nationalism is their
justification for everything except
their anti-semitism right every other
nation is allowed to also have defensive
nationalism except Jews because it's
used do it then it's Zionism and they
all identify themselves unsurprisingly
as anti Zionist unsurprising because
they're Pro Adolf Hitler okay so
privileged vegan you are a hypocrite
and a coward you wanted us to believe
that you were taking a stand against
white supremacy white supremacism I
should say okay and you kicked up a fuss
over trivial BS you started a fight with
everyone you never had the intellectual
integrity to criticize the people you
cosign you endorsed you
on the same team with when they brought
salacious and impossible to justify
accusations against bite size vegan and
unnatural vegan and on the other hand
when the chips were down when there was
someone who was really a white
supremacist inside teen vegan shall we
say you didn't have a word to stay and
you still don't